RunnersMatch by habtInc.
Tyler Rule, Harmen Kang, Austin King, Brandon Jacobson
Releasing RunnersMatch 1.0 on Dec 8,2019
Revision Number 2 - Nov 20, 2019

High Level Goals: The initial goal is to create a webpage that serves as a portal for the user. 
   This would be implemented through a database that stores all the user's information. 
   Some of this information will be used to create a public profile for the user. 
   Based on these criteria, we will develop a basic matchmaking system.   
   This will be supported by a messaging system to further stimulate social interaction.
   
   In the later stages of the project, we hope to implement a feature that integrates the Google Calendar API into our app. 
   Users will be able to post events to our website based on zip code. 
   Users within that same zip code will be able to sign up for said events and get google calendar notifications as a reminder. 
   This will add a layer of social groups on top of the one on one training promoted by our app initially.
User stories:

   Sprint 1:
      1: As a user I want to be able to make an account for RunnersMatch so that 
         I can have a presence on the website that I can return to and access regularly
      2: As a user I want to be able to update my profile with my running information such as weekly mileage, 
         average running pace, trail versus road running preference, and ideal qualities in a training partner

   
   Sprint 2:
      1: As a user I want to be able to search through other profiles on RunnersMatch and show my interest in training with profiles 
         I find interest in
      2: As a user I want RunnersMatch to show me possible training partners with similar goals

   Sprint 3: 
      1: As a user I want to be able to post public events where I can meet other runners in large groups for runs and training sessions.
      2: As a user I want to be able to sign up to post group events for people in my zip code so I can run with others

   Sprint 4: 
      1: As a user I want to be able to communicate and message runners that I am interested in to set up training sessions and meet ups
      2: As a user I want to be able to leave feedback and a review of my experience of training with other users on 
         the platform so that users can build a reputation on the platform as good or bad training partners.
      3: As a user I want to get a google calendar notification for events that I signed up for so I can easily remember events.
      4: As a user I want to be able to upload a photo to my profile so other users can 
         get a better feel for who I am before meeting me in person.

Product Backlog: In the future we would like to release a mobile application to make the service easier for consumers, 
   we would like to incorporate advertisements with running brands/services to monetize the service, 
   add a premium feature to create more revenue (qualities of premium are yet to be figured out).