RunnersMatch by habtInc.
Tyler Rule, Harmen Kang, Austin King, Brandon Jacobson
Releasing RunnersMatch 1.0 on October 20, 2019
Revision Number 1 - October 8, 2019

High Level Goals: The initial goal is to create a webpage that serves as a por-
  tal for the user. This would be implemented through a database that stores a-
  ll the user's information. Some of this information will be used to create a 
  public profile for the user. Based on these criteria, we will develop a basic 
  matchmaking system. This will be supported by a messaging system to further 
  stimulate social interaction.

  In the later stages of the project, we hope to implement a feature that inte-
  grates Strava into our service. We would also have a place where users can r-
  eview their training partners. There would be a location service that would 
  have places potential meetups could occur.


User stories:
Sprint 1:
	1: As a user I want to be able to make an account for RunnersMatch so that
	  I can have a presence on the website that I can return to and access reg-
	  ularly
	2:As a user I want to be able to update my profile with my running inform-
	  ation such as weekly mileage, average running pace, trail versus road ru-
	  nning preference, and ideal qualities in a training partner
Sprint 2:
	1: As a user I want to be able to search through other profiles on Runners-
	  Match and show my interest in training with profiles I find interest in
	2: As a user I want RunnersMatch to show me possible training partners wit-
	  h similar goals
Sprint 3:
	1: As a user I want to be able to import my fitness data from Strava so th-
	  at I do not need to manually enter all of my statistics and data
	2: As a user I want to be able to post public events where I can meet othe-
	  r runners in large groups for runs and training sessions.
Sprint 4
	1: As a user I want to be able to communicate and message runners that I am
	  interested in to set up training sessions and meet ups
	2: As a user I want to be able to leave feedback and a review of my experi-
	ence of training with other users on the platform so that users can build a
	  reputation on the platform as good or bad training partners.

Product Backlog: In the future we would like to release a mobile application to
 make the service easier for consumers, we would like to incorporate advertise-
 ments with running brands/services to monetize the service, and add a premium 
 feature to create more revenue (qualities of premium are yet to be figured out).